doc: create rules overview for SB and CBA rules (#761)
open-energy-transition/open-tyndp: doc/sb_rules.md

<!-- SPDX-FileCopyrightText: Contributors to Open-TYNDP <https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp> -->
<!-- SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0 -->

# Scenario Building (SB)

> The Scenario Building (SB) workflow is implemented in `rules/sb.smk`. Rules are organised into stages: `Retrieve`, `Development`, `Build electricity`, `Build sector`, `Postprocess`, `Benchmarking`, `Collect` and `Visualize`.

Reviewer: I would suggest moving the `collect` group into a new sentence with a quick explanation. I would rename `Benchmarking` -> `Benchmark` to align to the other names. Also I find the name `Visualize` misleading since in the `Postprocess` group there are only plotting rules which also could belong to the `Visualize` group. I would suggest to rename `Visualize` ->  `Explore`. Is the term `Development` aligned to upstream? Otherwise I would suggest renaming it as well (I find it a bit unclear what is actually down in this stage) to align more closely to the name of the rules.
```suggestion
The Scenario Building (SB) workflow is implemented in `rules/sb.smk`. Rules are organised into stages: `Retrieve`, `Prepare`, `Build electricity`, `Build sector`, `Postprocess`, `Benchmark` and `Explore`. In addition, a `Collect` stage provides convenience target rules that run the workflow up to a given stage, aggregating each stage's output across all configured wildcards.
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestion! I've renamed `Benchmarking` into `Benchmark` and `Visualize` into `Explore`. I've moved `Collect` and added an explanation. The `Development` term comes from upstream, see https://github.com/PyPSA/pypsa-eur/blob/master/rules/development.smk.

Reviewer: Alright, then it makes sense to keep it!
